Hello. This lesson actually comes from the intro to self-driving cars Nanodegree program.
We're including it here as completely optional in case you'd
like a quick refresher on basic geometry and trigonometry.
Many aspects of self-driving cars depend heavily on geometric in trigonometric reasoning.
You probably first learned about these topics along time ago,
and maybe you still remember them.
In that case, feel free to skip past this lesson.
However, if you'd like to review concepts like properties of
right triangles and sines and cosines, then forge ahead.
It might be interesting to see familiar subjects in a new context.
We hope you find this helpful.